policies from dammit wrecker I'm gonna
shut you in the face lost your tail look
ease up PAC where the hell you been
after the handoff one pear-shape I came
straight here they're Russians right
spec ops one second - they're the next
they're not take deep breaths son you
got the Intel yeah yeah guy nice play
shit sorry daylight we got to get to the
extraction point
yeah twenty on Irish I thought he was
with you breaking radio silence
Tombstone 3 tombstone actual what's your
Recker hostiles in the windows across
for incoming Irish get up here
anything still moving got em all clear
yeah
you okay Irish I get the safe upstairs
I'll see to some on the move fortress
this is tombstone actual we got the
package and stirred up a hornet's nest
moving towards extraction a dream
haven't spotted us
in Detroit
no way around get down
everyone okay
all right make it sing fire in the hole
everybody come on open it up Recker
let's go
to zone actual this is Firebird two one
we're inbound what's your ETA good to
hear you Hawkins we're making progress
don't keep me waiting right scan the
area that's the building it's more like
half of David